Chocas today posted some somewhat
controversial tweets and made some
somewhat controversial comments, but I
think they were based on something about the
Spanish government and its handling of the
Dana tragedy in Valencia to
directly donate
food at cost price. Because you're not going to
make any money or profit.
But anyway, a round of applause from the entire chat
for Marl Marl. We love you very much,
gorgeous. Thank you so much for
that. I'm not going to
allow it, I'm not going to allow it, look me in
the [ __ ] eyes, I'm not going to allow it
because you're not politicians, you're
looters, and I'm not going to allow it
over my [ __ ] dead
body, much less with a cause as
important and noble as helping
our Valencian brothers, I'm not going
to allow it, you sons of [ __ ], no, Javi the
canine has eaten Dallas' bite, don't [ __ ] with
me, please send that to me through the group,
but let's see what they expect, who expects the
opposite from those accounts? Let's see, they're
memes, dude, cloth, eh, cloth, eh, and on
top of that, almost any movement they
make to
help, Sienda takes a cake.  about that
eh And that son of a [ __ ] Pedro Sánchez
said today on Twitter that it's the cao the
people on top of it How good that they postpone
the
quarterly this month that they postpone to those affected
son of a [ __ ] cancel it suspend it they
pay the Treasury until
next year that's what you should
do square by square Yes but no sorry
you know you have to be an [ __ ] man You have to
be an
[ __ ] this time no I'm not going to allow it it's
not going to go over my [ __ ] dead
body Javi you would have a child with a
blonde girl who has been unfaithful to you three
times I'm just curious let's see Lalo I
need more data to talk about that
nonsense man it's not going to happen okay [ __ ]
you sons of a [ __ ] let it be
clear to donate tremendous
no tremendous no in fact he crash
making an allusion to something that
the president of the government said the other day he
did this H I have not decided that the
next two months the biggest of the
year in terms of advertising I am not going to pay
money to the Treasury if the government needs  It
helps me to ask for it and there are
idiots okay there are idiots Don't
worry, he'll ask you to put
one here there are idiots who have
started to defend this is a comment
from
quio to help if he needs more
resources, let him ask for them, there's no need to
prioritize some municipalities because this is
our president of the government eh Hey
if you need something ask for it
eh to help if he needs more resources, let him ask for them, there's
no need to prioritize
some municipalities over others or
prioritize if he needs resources, let him
ask for them tremendous eh tremendous it's
impressive it's impressive
man the only thing they want is to
blame each other it's
impressive priority is given when there is a
lack of resources and that is not the case it does not have to
happen therefore the
Valencian community requires more effective
machinery financing or
technical advice what it has to do is
ask for it and we will provide it as we
are doing immediately as we are
going to do with the 5000 soldiers
requested a few minutes ago, in other words, you
see your people die Pedro Sánchez and
because a leader who is much
lower  that you in the chain leave him I
mean no, you don't help him, you don't help there no matter
how badly he's doing and until the
fifth or sixth day you're not going to send
5000 people you are a scoundrel and this one
and that is what the
shas is referring to in this tweet okay if the government
needs my help let it ask for it no and
basically the good ones there were people like
the one with the knife The linse with the knife and the colleague the one
who puts our news not the
colleague of these people who have started
to defend Pedro Sánchez eh still eh Let's
see he charges it not directly but
he well he has a company that he
inherited from his father which is the facua
this [ __ ] thing no that I
sincerely believe that one day we should
ask ourselves Why the hell does that receive that
association that that thing no eh Why the
[ __ ] should he receive public money from
everyone not that [ __ ] [ __ ] whoever wants to
pay it should pay with their
registration no and the guy Claro defends
the PSOE
to the death and in a situation like this in which
the whole country We are as one Well
people  like those Well they go about their business and
their interests no Total no no and he
started saying on Twitter that Pedro
Sánchez didn't say that okay Pedro Sánchez did
n't say that anyway and here
comes a guy named Pau vivas who says a
response to selfish people like Chocas
who in the worst moment of the
Valencians
and in his ass you have no shame How the
[ __ ] are you going to say man how the [ __ ] are you going to
say that Chocas thinks about his ass if he has
done more than Pedro Sánchez and has
donated more than Pedro
Sánchez How the
[ __ ], I mean not wanting to pay taxes
doesn't mean looking out of your ass means
not being robbed because then it's seen
and proven in this that in the worst
moments it's not for that they use money they
use it for their
luxuries and in their corruption it's been
proven that taxes are not for that
good people nothing and then
Pedro Sánchez will come out again These people
governing because the majority of people I
think there are I think there are more
stupid and short people than people with two d in front and more or less intelligent I see this reflected in many things eh Not only in in  political discussions
eh I mean Pedro Sánchez will come out again They will
vote for him again and there are people
defending him because he understands this as
Sevilla Betis No you are from Betis you
defend Betis Man who loses you know
and we also see it many times with
fights between youtubers no there are always
more stupid people than smart the
truth eh I mean I think it's like that I don't know
what example to give you right now but
normally the predominant thing is we have
had discussions here with
other channels and suddenly you know it has
happened on some occasions eh that
the mob throws badly and the mob the always more
mob in the least intelligence you
know and I think it's because the
majority are the shorter people than the
smartest well that's why there are people who are
higher up no and who command more and who
earn more and what not I don't know I don't know yes
always more mob is more there are more people
Imbecile I
think stop for a
moment to send a message because it turns
out that I have seen that there are a lot
of cryptos and millionaires for example
like Chocas who are saying that they are
not going to pay taxes and I wanted to
send them a message from Valencia in the
middle of the humanitarian aid that we
are doing how  Do you think
we're going to pay all the soldiers,
firefighters, and police officers who are removing
corpses from garages, who are
removing corpses from garages?
Yes, after 6 days, they have
abandoned the
town, but watch out, in Morocco, I don't
know if you saw the tweet I posted.
This is very strong. This is something to
take to the streets, no. This is something to
put them in [ __ ] jail, okay, I mean,
this is something to put them in [ __ ] jail.
Look at this video, man. Look at what they
did when the earthquake happened in
Morocco, eh,
the army has a
deterrent presence, what we can't do is have
the army do all its
duties, the duties that correspond to it.
This is what the scoundrel is saying
now about the tragedy in Valencia, okay,
in our country, the administration, in
this case, the Valencian administration, or
in this case, security duties, Spain,
and this is what he said when the
earthquake happened in Morocco, our
neighboring country, eh, no, no, no, no, don't
say anything bad, because if you're not racist,
okay, I mean, let everyone in.
okay if you're not racist xenophobic and
ugh a brother-in-law and a fascist hello Javi what did you
think when you saw the beginning of the
Dallas video about the false
Aurita evidence is that I haven't seen it I was
watching it this morning skimming it a
bit I haven't seen it all
okay You know that content like that
mate and all well I don't usually watch it
but because of time because I'm busy
creating myself okay but I did watch it
quickly and I put a clip in the video
that I uploaded on the main channel I put
a clip okay but it's cool it's cool
What I've been seeing no that it's like a
bite yes yes I've seen it and it's it's
Cool you ate it no because I had already
seen on Twitter the previous click that it
was a bite But hey it was
a good idea eh it was a
nice idea the truth is the
video is going to be in solidarity with Morocco and
whenever there is a drama and a
tragedy Spain is going to be there and the
armed forces in this case the ume and the
army of the space are going to be
helping Morocco so we understand
that the government is in contact with
the autonomous communities and in the next few
hours those resources will be reinforced in
Morocco, without a doubt I like it, I have
spoken with the counselor of the community
of Madrid, he has already sent us a
proposal of the troops and also
the material that they want to send and the
air force is already preparing a
second plane on behalf of the ume
we have sent this first this first
plane Here is the general If it were
necessary to send more or more
material means we would send whatever was
necessary because everyone
knows that these first hours eh
especially if there are people under the rubble is
essential and
fundamental psychopaths okay rubble
are all from the government that
is rubble okay man they have left
people dying under the rubble
here or because of Morocco yes to my
country No, I mean for what I pay
taxes for what they bleed me man it is
that they bleed you that [ __ ] But this is
because in this way they win votes from the
[ __ ] because they are basically the
way to win it is
photo or I wonder how do you think we are going
to finance the necessary
economic and social reconstruction that is
needed in an area devastated by a
disaster  unprecedented weather
How do we get the factories back up and
running With what money do you think we're going to
finance the reconstruction of the roads
that we won't have commuter trains in 4
months you know
that people need public resources to get
out of these situations and
public resources are financed with taxes and
you saying that you don't want to pay taxes
only means one thing that you want to
leave the people of Valencia behind because
right now we are in misery. So
wash your little mouth with soap pay your
taxes because if not we're going to explain
to everyone how you dedicate yourself to
committing crimes and thinking only about your own
ass man at a time like
this I mean at a time like this be
so stupid man but yes yes yes they are I've already
mentioned several of you not at a time
like this be so stupid
man
eh tremendous here you have the answer of the
shock the absolute negligence that
the central government has had in
such a complicated situation and really
think that I'm going to stop paying my
taxes for two months so that the
Treasury puts me in [ __ ] jail if
this piece of [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
really believes me all of  We can
are the
same. Are there people from Podemos who
can explain this to me? Are they all
mentally [ __ ]? Or is there anyone who isn't
[ __ ]? I'm asking completely.
Seriously? Oh, but is it
Podemos? Of course, no, no. Of course. Look, she's here
taking a picture with Irenea
Montero. This wasn't the one who showed her
dick. A picture of a dick. Oh, of course, they
're all the same, they're the same, man, they're the same. It
never fails. Yes, yes, it's
Podemos. They
fired him. The Christmas lights,
tremendous, no, family.